
Menu 
Location
Katinkulta

Rooms and guests
1 rooms, 2 pers.

Arrival | Departure
15.03.2026 | 16.03.2026

Campaign code
Enter code
Search
hcr-katinkulta-ulkoilu-6000x4000-7-2.jpg
katinkulta-ikoni-modified.svg
Home 
Water Park and Day Spa 
Restaurants and services 
Activities 
Accommodation 
Meetings and events 
Good to know
Resortit
Katinkulta
Enjoy a relaxing holiday at Holiday Club Katinkulta
Holiday Club Katinkulta is the most versatile resort in the Nordic countries, offering activities year-round. Spend quality family time at the resort, rent a holiday apartment for a skiing trip, or play golf in the lake scenery.

A versatile Water Park, Sauna World & Harmony Spa
4 high-quality and diverse restaurants & 24h R-Kioski
10 different activities for the whole family
Stay in a hotel room or a holiday apartment
Host a meeting, event or celebration for 12–2500 people
Explore Katinkulta
hcr_burgers_1500x1000.jpg
Get to know
our restaurants

Read more
hc_katinkulta_keilaus_800x534.jpg
Resort full of
activities

Read more
katinkulta_kylpyla_a-lehdet_1500x1000-2.jpeg
Enjoy the 
water park

Read more
hc_katinkulta_kylpyla_tbwa_040_9_2022.jpg
Water Park and Day Spa
The versatile spa offers activities for the whole family. Enjoy the different types of saunas in the sauna world, swim laps in the fitness pool, relax in the whirlpools, take a dip in the outdoor pool, or have fun on the water slide. After swimming, you can unwind with a pampering treatment at Harmony Spa, such as a restorative massage or a relaxing facial.

 

Explore the water park

katinkulta_hcr_vuokatti_1_071.jpg
Stay in Katinkulta
At Katinkulta, you can choose your preferred accommodation style, whether it's the convenience of a hotel room or the privacy of a holiday apartment. The well-equipped holiday apartments feature a private kitchen, sauna, and balcony.

 

Book now

hcr_lahjakortti_2024_vesi.jpg
Quality time and relaxation – the perfect gift!
Surprise your loved ones and ensure the perfect gift with a Holiday Club gift card. You can choose from a wide selection of gift cards, offering just the right experience that can be easily used at our holiday destinations across Finland. 

Select from ready-made packages or give an open gift card with the amount of your choice. The recipient can use the gift card on accommodation, restaurants, activities, or day spa treatments.


Buy a gift card

Arrival
Location and distances

Address: Katinkullantie 15, 88610 Vuokatti

Kajaani 35 km
Helsinki 600 km
Buses to Katinkulta run regularly from Kajaani railway station (see route guide, Sotkamo local transport SotKatti, or Kajaani public transport). Train schedules to Kajaani can be checked at VR.fi.

Parking

There is plenty of parking space in the area. Parking by the Katinkulta resort area is paid (€1.60 /h, €9 /day, and €41 /week). Charging stations for electric cars can be found between the Villas 2 building and the spa building.

Contact information

Opening hours, frequently asked questions, and the contact information for the destination can be found in the Good to Know section.

Area map


Follow Us on Social Media
   
Holiday destinations
Katinkulta
Kuusamon Tropiikki
Saariselkä
Saimaan Rauha
Tampereen Kehräämö
Turun Caribia
Vierumäki
Holiday apartments
 
Good to know
Gift cards
Meetings and events
Reservations and cancellations
Timeshare ownership
 
Contact us
Customer service
Frequently asked questions
 
About us
Set your cookie preferences
About Holiday Club Resors
Sustainability
Data protection
Accessibility statement
 
