
Menu 
Location
Kuusamon Tropiikki

Rooms and guests
1 rooms, 2 pers.

Arrival | Departure
15.03.2026 | 16.03.2026

Campaign code
Enter code
Search
rukakuusamo_riisitunturi_outdoorapssionfinland_harritarvainen_786x1321.jpg
resortti_kuusamon-tropiikki_valkoinen3.svg
Home 
Water park and day spa 
Restaurants and Services 
Activities 
Accommodation 
Meetings and events 
Good to know
Resortit
Kuusamon Tropiikki
Enjoy a relaxing holiday at Holiday Club Kuusamon Tropiikki 

Holiday Club Kuusamon Tropiikki emphasizes clean nature, a relaxed pace, and peace. The resort is surrounded by excellent outdoor activities throughout the year, and Ruka is just a short drive away, less than half an hour. Not to forget the iconic water park, Angry Birds park, or the bowling alley! 

Tropical water park & Harmony Spa
Diverse restaurants & 24h R-kioski
Fun activities for the whole family
Stay in a hotel room or holiday apartment
Meeting & event spaces for up to 80 people
Explore Kuusamon Tropiikki
hc_kuusamontropiikki_kylpyla_3_kasitelty_04-2023.jpg
Enjoy a fun day
at the water park

Read more
hc_olearys_kuusamontropiikki_kasitelty_04-2023.jpg
Get to know
our restaurants

Read more
hc_brandi_stock_talvi_laskettelu_1000px.jpg
Activities at Kuusamon Tropiikki

Read more
rukakuusamo_holiday_club_mikkosantasalo-5.jpg
Water Park and Day Spa
At the Kuusamon Tropiikki water park, you can enjoy a fun-filled day with the whole family! The water park features multiple hot tubs, a 45-meter-long water slide, a waterfall, and many other exciting attractions. After an active day, you can relax and indulge in pampering treatments at Harmony Spa.


Explore the water park

lampitropiikki_0164.jpg
Stay at Kuusamon Tropiikki
Enjoy a comfortable stay in a hotel suite, a Superior hotel room, or a holiday apartment. Holiday apartments are available both within the hotel complex and around the resort by the shores of Petäjälampi.


Explore accommodation options

hcr_lahjakortti_2024_vesi.jpg
Quality time and relaxation – the perfect gift!
Surprise your loved ones and ensure the perfect gift with a Holiday Club gift card. You can choose from a wide selection of gift cards, offering just the right experience that can be easily used at our holiday destinations across Finland. 

Select from ready-made packages or give an open gift card with the amount of your choice. The recipient can use the gift card on accommodation, restaurants, activities, or day spa treatments.


Buy a gift card

Arrival
Location and distances

Address: Kylpyläntie 5, 93600 Kuusamo

Kuusamo city center 5 km / 8 min by car
Kuusamo Airport 6.5 km / 10 min by car
Rukatunturi 22 km / 22 min by car
Parking

Parking at Kuusamon Tropiikki is free. Also, heating poles are available; for more information, please contact the reception. There are charging points for electric cars in the parking area.

Contact information

Opening hours, frequently asked questions, and the property’s contact information can be found in the Good to Know section

Area Map

Follow Us on Social Media
   
Holiday destinations
Katinkulta
Kuusamon Tropiikki
Saariselkä
Saimaan Rauha
Tampereen Kehräämö
Turun Caribia
Vierumäki
Holiday apartments
 
Good to know
Gift cards
Meetings and events
Reservations and cancellations
Timeshare ownership
 
Contact us
Customer service
Frequently asked questions
 
About us
Set your cookie preferences
About Holiday Club Resors
Sustainability
Data protection
Accessibility statement
 
