
Menu 
Location
Saariselkä

Rooms and guests
1 rooms, 2 pers.

Arrival | Departure
15.03.2026 | 16.03.2026

Campaign code
Enter code
Search
lapland_north_winter_saariselka_kiilopaa_skiing3-1.jpg
resortti_saariselka_valkoinen_edit.svg
Home 
Day Spa 
Restaurants & Services 
Activities 
Accommodation 
Good to Know
Resortit
Saariselkä
The magic of Lapland at Holiday Club Saariselkä
In our resort located in the village of Saariselkä, the magic of Lapland is almost tangible. Even during the busiest holiday seasons, the area emphasizes peace and tranquility, while the fells provide visitors with year-round experiences.

Pampering treatments at Aurora Spa
Restaurants with traditional flavours from Lapland
Fun activities for the whole family
Stay in a hotel room or holiday apartment
 

Explore Saariselkä
saariselka-rakka_2364.jpg
Get to know

our restaurants

Read more
hc_nuotio_retkeily_1500x1000.jpg
Activities
in Saariselkä

Read more
saariselka_nilihonkag20_0410.jpg
Stay in hotel or

vacation apartment

Read more
hc_retkeily_talvi_1500x1000.jpg
Activities and Indulgence
Saariselkä Resort is located right next to Urho Kekkonen National Park, close to diverse outdoor recreation areas. The area offers fun activities for everyone – bowling, indulgent treatments at Aurora Spa, skiing and snowboarding opportunities, and much more.


Explore Activities

saariselka_mg_3333_1500x1000.jpeg
Stay in Saariselkä
In Saariselkä, you can stay easily and comfortably in a hotel room or in one of our many holiday apartments. Choose your preferred stay from a wide selection, where you can even experience the cozy atmosphere of a rustic log cabin.


Book Now

hcr_lahjakortti_2024_vesi.jpg
Quality time and relaxation – the perfect gift!
Surprise your loved ones and ensure the perfect gift with a Holiday Club gift card. You can choose from a wide selection of gift cards, offering just the right experience that can be easily used at our holiday destinations across Finland. 

Select from ready-made packages or give an open gift card with the amount of your choice. The recipient can use the gift card on accommodation, restaurants, activities, or day spa treatments.


Buy a gift card

Arrival
Location and distances

Address: Saariseläntie 7, 99830 Saariselkä

Ivalo city center 31 km / 25 min by car
Rovaniemi 250 km / 3 h by car
In addition to traveling by car, Saariselkä is easily accessible by flying to Ivalo. There is a bus service between the airport and the resort according to flight schedules. For more information on Ivalo's public transportation, click here.

Parking

Parking in Saariselkä is free in outdoor areas. There is a paid parking garage (€12/day) next to Villas Spa Lodge 1 and Villas 2. Reservations and payments are made at the reception.

Contact information

Opening hours, frequently asked questions, and the destination's contact information can be found in the Good to Know section.

The hotel reception is open 24 hours a day

Area map

Follow Us on Social Media
   
Holiday destinations
Katinkulta
Kuusamon Tropiikki
Saariselkä
Saimaan Rauha
Tampereen Kehräämö
Turun Caribia
Vierumäki
Holiday apartments
 
Good to know
Gift cards
Meetings and events
Reservations and cancellations
Timeshare ownership
 
Contact us
Customer service
Frequently asked questions
 
About us
Set your cookie preferences
About Holiday Club Resors
Sustainability
Data protection
Accessibility statement
 
