
Menu 
Location
Tampereen Kehräämö

Rooms and guests
1 rooms, 2 pers.

Arrival | Departure
15.03.2026 | 16.03.2026

Campaign code
Enter code
Search
tampereenkehraamo_etusivu-kylpyla-hero_mobile.jpg
resortti_tampereen-kehraamo_valkoinen3.svg
Home 
Pool area and day spa 
Restaurants and services 
Activities 
Accommodation 
Meetings and events 
Good to know
Resortit
Tampereen Kehräämö
Enjoy a city holiday at Holiday Club Tampereen Kehräämö
The spa hotel at Tampereen Kehräämö is located in a historic building right by Lake Näsijärvi, close to everything. Whether you're spending your holiday at the spa, amusement park, shopping, or enjoying culture and sports, you’ll find an idyllic base at the resort for your entire stay in Tampere.

Versatile pool area & Harmony Spa
Diverse restaurants & 24h R-kioski
Activities in the heart of the city
Stay in a hotel room or a holiday apartment
Meeting and event spaces for 10–146 people
Explore Tampere Kehräämö
hc_tampere_cotton_5_kasitelty_04-2023.jpg
Restaurants at
Tampereen Kehräämö

Read more
hcr-tampere-kokous-1500x1000-1.jpeg
Meetings &
Events

Read more
tampereen-kehraamo---allasjooga---1500x1000.jpg
Pool Area & 
Day Spa

Read more
hc_tampere_dsc0386-2.jpg
Pool Area and Day Spa
Spend a relaxing day at Tampereen Kehräämö. In addition to the main pool, the spa features several hot tubs, virtual water aerobics, a cold-water pool, a children's pool, and saunas. Enjoy moments of indulgence with treatments at Harmony Spa.


Learn more

kehraamo-superior.jpg
Stay at Tampereen Kehräämö
Stay comfortably in one of the resort's suites or in a hotel room with a lake view. For those seeking more peace and quiet, a spacious holiday apartment with a private sauna and kitchen is a great option.


Book now

hcr_lahjakortti_2024_vesi.jpg
Quality time and relaxation – the perfect gift!
Surprise your loved ones and ensure the perfect gift with a Holiday Club gift card. You can choose from a wide selection of gift cards, offering just the right experience that can be easily used at our holiday destinations across Finland. 

Select from ready-made packages or give an open gift card with the amount of your choice. The recipient can use the gift card on accommodation, restaurants, activities, or day spa treatments.


Buy a gift card

Arrival
Location and Connections

Address: Lapinniemenranta 12, 33180 Tampere

Tampere city center is 2 km / 6 min by car / 30 min walking
Tampereen Kehräämö is easily accessible by train or bus, in addition to by car. The railway station is only 1.9 km from the resort. Check the route on VR.fi
You can check local transport information on the Nysse website.
Parking

Parking in the P1 and P4 area costs 2.10 €/h or 14 €/day for hotel guests. There are charging points for electric cars in the P1 parking area located between Kehräämö and the Loisto hotel. Parking is also paid during charging.

Parking for one car is included in the room rate for guests staying in holiday apartments. In this case, the car can be parked in the P2 or P3 parking garages, which are accessible with your room card.

Contact Information

Opening hours, frequently asked questions, and the contact details for the resort can be found in the Good to Know section.

Area Map

Follow Us on Social Media
   
Holiday destinations
Katinkulta
Kuusamon Tropiikki
Saariselkä
Saimaan Rauha
Tampereen Kehräämö
Turun Caribia
Vierumäki
Holiday apartments
 
Good to know
Gift cards
Meetings and events
Reservations and cancellations
Timeshare ownership
 
Contact us
Customer service
Frequently asked questions
 
About us
Set your cookie preferences
About Holiday Club Resors
Sustainability
Data protection
Accessibility statement
 
