
Menu 
Location
Vierumäki

Rooms and guests
1 rooms, 2 pers.

Arrival | Departure
15.03.2026 | 16.03.2026

Campaign code
Enter code
Search
4w5a4084.jpg
resortti_vierumaki_valkoinen-edit.svg
Home 
Water Park and Day Spa 
Restaurants and services 
Activities 
Accommodation 
Meetings and events 
Good to know
Enjoy an active holiday at Holiday Club Vierumäki
Holiday Club Vierumäki is a versatile resort offering various recreational opportunities for all types of holidaymakers. Spend an active holiday with the whole family enjoying numerous sports, rent a holiday apartment for a golf vacation, or relax in the peace of nature.

New experiential Water Park & Day Spa
Roberts Coffee, Hill Grill, Pine Pub & 24h R-Kioski
Many activities for every season
Stay in a hotel room or holiday apartment
Host events, meetings and celebrations for 12–440 people
Explore Vierumäki
4w5a3453.jpg
New Water Park
& Day Spa

Explore the restaurants 
hcr-vierumaki-fatbikes-1500x1000-4.jpg
Activities
at Vierumäki

Read more
ballroom_imgl1201.jpg
Meetings &
events

Read more
4w5a3499.jpg
Vierumäki Water Park and Day Spa
Our brand-new water park is versatile and full of experiences. The various pools, atmospheric saunas, and exciting water slides guarantee a joyful day for the whole family. You can also enjoy relaxing pampering moments with treatments at the Day Spa.

 

Explore the water park

vierumaki4-1_1500x1000px.jpg
Stay in Vierumäki
Stay amidst beautiful nature in a well-maintained environment. Choose a spacious hotel room or a well-equipped holiday home close to activities.

 

Book now

hcr_lahjakortti_2024_vesi.jpg
Quality time and relaxation – the perfect gift!
Surprise your loved ones and ensure the perfect gift with a Holiday Club gift card. You can choose from a wide selection of gift cards, offering just the right experience that can be easily used at our holiday destinations across Finland. 

Select from ready-made packages or give an open gift card with the amount of your choice. The recipient can use the gift card on accommodation, restaurants, activities, or day spa treatments.


Buy a gift card

Arrival
Location and distances

Address: Urheiluopistontie 400, 19120 Heinola

Lahti 26 km / 28 min by car
Helsinki 130 km / 1.5 hours by car
Vierumäki is also easily accessible by public transportation. You can take a train or bus to Lahti, and from there, a bus to Vierumäki approximately once an hour. Check the schedules on the Lahti Region Transport website.

Parking

Parking is charged in the P1 and P2 areas. Parking costs €1.60 per hour or €10 per day. There are 22 electric car charging stations in the P2 area.

Contact information

You can find opening hours, frequently asked questions, and the contact information for the destination in the Good to Know section

Area Map

Follow Us on Social Media
   
Holiday destinations
Katinkulta
Kuusamon Tropiikki
Saariselkä
Saimaan Rauha
Tampereen Kehräämö
Turun Caribia
Vierumäki
Holiday apartments
 
Good to know
Gift cards
Meetings and events
Reservations and cancellations
Timeshare ownership
 
Contact us
Customer service
Frequently asked questions
 
About us
Set your cookie preferences
About Holiday Club Resors
Sustainability
Data protection
Accessibility statement
 
